see they're looking starts off that's
very lame yeah and this is what usually
happened it starts off this rough flash
move and you've got to stop that rough
play day because the decoration intends
to aggression here and you watch it just
here do then you go down and you stole
it away yeah and then you can see a
standstill so you have to grit or here
there's no two ways about it when rough
play turn deadly something that bob
bennett saw on television possibly saved
his life I've seen things on the
television but the best thing to do if
you're attacked by animals or predatory
animals to stay still and play dead so
that's what I did Troy stays tools comes
collected as I food because I knew won't
be able to move into it because they're
laying on me and 18 holding my shoulder
so they hopefully would lose interest
Arturo
against all instincts he throws
it's a tactic that seems to us eight
dollars like the trainer fell victim to
a bear attack captured on camera in New
Mexico
your door
Oh
when fighting back failed he froze at
the mad Jimmy backed off
the same tactic had the same effect of
the zoo lions as Bob froze they became
less aggressive that sometimes but and
you're not moving that much their
recommended interesting
the Lions weren't experience in actually
bringing something that's probably the
first time they brought something down
Peleg would probably have killed him I
think it had probably been dead now hit
a problem in debt because it triggers
more switches and they just keep going
it's a little bit like a snake grabbing
a mouse they wrap around and the more
movement you get from the mouse the
tighter the snake gets and I think you
know the less movement you have with a
line when you're doing that is help them
stay alive
you